Update README (#352)
watermelontools/wm-extension: README.md

[![Rating](https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/r/WatermelonTools.watermelon-tools?style=flat-square)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WatermelonTools.watermelon-tools&ssr=false#review-details)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack%20Community-Watermelon-brightgreen)](https://join.slack.com/t/watermelonusers/shared_invite/zt-15bjnr3rm-uoz8QMb1HMVB4Qywvq94~Q)

Watermelon is an **open-source** integration between **GitHub** and **Visual Studio Code** to help developers go beyond Git Blame. Watermelon makes you an expert on any file instantly by running `git blame` for you and telling you why a block of code was written that way by someone else.

## Features

Watermelon has 3 main features that you can use:

- View Git Blame
- View Pull Requests

> - Daily Summary

Reviewer: This should only be merged when #350 gets released

Reviewer: The current state of daily summary is *barely usable*

Author: This will not be merged until #350 is

The main UI to use Watermelon is the context box you see when you hover over lines of code with our extension installed. This UI is complemented with the sidebar we have.

In the image below you can see how hovering over a line of code provides us the following data:

> ![hover](https://i.ibb.co/rdvgVnS/hover-showcase.gif)

Reviewer: Shouldn't these media files live in [`/images`](https://github.com/watermelontools/wm-extension/tree/dev/media)?

> - The most relevant PR for that line

Reviewer: Is it there yet? 
That hasn't landed AFAIK

Author: Aren't we rendering a PR on the box?

Reviewer: I looked at the image that was linked and I see the text "The latest commit is [...] by {user} on {date}", am I missing something?

Reviewer: Ah, I see another hover, but it's only for the first 2 frames, hard to catch.
<img width="500" alt="Screen Shot 2022-07-13 at 6 32 43 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11527621/178854340-d13c0602-0eeb-4892-b5d9-ebcb14e46a83.png">

Reviewer: That is a Squash commit.

Reviewer: If you run it, you will get a huge comment title with a lot of issue numbers (#352) for example.
That is a github specific behaviour

Author: Gotcha

> - The most relevant PR for that line

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- The latest commit message for that line

> - The level of churn for the file that you're currently in

Reviewer: I'd say "churn" is not a layman word, even for experienced devs

Author: propose a change please

Reviewer: https://github.com/watermelontools/wm-extension/pull/352/commits/e9231a437999c8995aaee0e79f0755502b60c7ad#r920584199

> - The level of churn for the file that you're currently in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The amount of changes for the file that you're currently in, usually called churn
```

> If you want to do a deeper reserach about the code context history, simply click one of the buttons in the context box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to do a deeper research about the code context history, simply click one of the links in the context box.
```

You may also highlight and right click on the code, you will find the 'Get Pull Requests with Watermelon' command at the end.

### Daily Summary

Get an overview of which issues and PR reviews are assigned to you. Both on the current repository and across all GitHub. 

To use it, open the Watermelon sidebar.

> ![daily-summary](https://i.ibb.co/RCym1hF/Screen-Shot-2022-07-13-at-5-03-48-PM.png)

Reviewer: Shouldn't these media files live in [/images](https://github.com/watermelontools/wm-extension/tree/dev/media)? Or our webpage?
If we have it at our web page we may edit it without a PR

Author: I'm on the Webflow dashboard and don't see a straightforward way to do it. Will place it on /images

Reviewer: Thank you.
